Update KB: Filter and Edit Enum in Grid (#1606)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-filter-edit-enum.md

As of **2.15.0**, the grid provides enum filtering and editing through dropdowns out-of-the-box without any additional code.

> To control how the enum values will be shown, decorate them with [`Display` attributes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.openapi.attributes.displayattribute) and set the `Name` property. The Grid will use the `Name` value for the editors. If you do not use a `[Display(Name = "...")]` attribute, the Grid will take the string representation of the enum value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control how each enum value will show in the filter DropDownList, decorate it with the [`Display` attribute](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.openapi.attributes.displayattribute) and set the `Name` property. The Grid will use the `Name` value also for the default column editor. If you do not use a `[Display(Name = "...")]` attribute, the Grid will take the string representation of the enum value.
```
